see take on the reigning MLS Cup
champions the Colorado Rapids the rapids
coming in having lost their last two
games in the lead Toronto FC having
turned things around somewhat since our
inventor made all of the changes to his
squad in mid-july the stumps have
brought to you--by the next generation
Honda Civic Stefan Frei injured once
again me las cosas CH maintains his
place in goal the midfield very key for
Toronto FC Frings and a good many of the
players who played here last season in
the MLS Cup are still in the lineup
today a former Toronto FC defender
marvel win is there in the center of the
park very influential in midfield Pablo
Mastroeni and Jeff la renta wits and
then they'll look to Omar Cummings for
the goals he's upfront alongside Nayak
see the mentality has to be important as
well they have to bounce back from big
losses and quality in the final third
finishing touch when this goal scoring
chance presents itself can they find the
back of the net Colorado Rapids the team
getting proceedings underway there in
white with the burgundy trim on the
sleeves and Toronto FC in a familiar
home kit of the red as Justin Morgan the
left back
the top of Brian Johnson said kuba man's
will chase to try and keep this one in
play that was good play from Gary Cooper
man's many would have given that up as a
lost cause here's the cross back both
Johnson and Soares Bertrand bundler did
and that all came from the hard work of
Danny cooverman
the great work rate from the big striker
to chase that ball down keep it in play
and then deliver a quality ball into the
box with Johnson to attack it's very
well to get there keep it in play and
then a good ball into the box
Pickens can't come and get it and
Johnson is just trying to direct that
down for schools better get a flick on
it p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific on TSN
his Johnson's had a back post
decent delivery into the box we can also
catch that CFL action on TSN mobile TV
along with this game right now well it's
a great ball and a great header from
Johnson he's not trying to score this
he's trying to head this across the goal
to that back post for someone to get on
the end of the very well work set piece
from Toronto just trying to guide that
towards that man
Thompson in some space as he feeds the
ball forward to Cummings Cummings
running at a harden here there's the
shot safe by Kazakhstan Omar Cummings
and then Afghani kuba mantra flow for
Colorado Rapids
playing the ball into space Eckersley
tracking that we'll get there
just tries to watch it out of play in
the end hack to do something because
whilst Thomson was close by it's turned
over the Eckersley here's well Sampson
he was trying to pick out the top right
corner and get anywhere close
picking our Ashton Morgan away on the
Left Kimura trust to try and get a foot
in but its internals come on Johnny
storms the Toronto FC to break the
deadlock just after halftime
it is his fifth League goal for the club
the first time he has scored at BMO
Field
while three bits of quality result in
this goal éric Abidal with a great cross
field ball - fine - and morgan who does
the right thing takes a touch sets
himself and whips the ball in behind the
back for great delivery and Danny
Koevermans composed finish what a
wonderful ball from Aston mortgage
cooker in sketchy the right side of the
defender so that when that ball comes
across he's there as the good crosser
the from Danny to the man
about the final ball that delivery into
the box is perfect from Seoul's bum for
defending from Colorado that cooverman
spine deceive again they need to be
false ID poolside so they could see the
striker
he loses his marker and just a glancing
header
if great ballin honest phrase plays the
ball into the box it's headed away only
as far as Julian de Guzman all of his
goals coming from long distance for
Toronto I've seen the seasons played in
headed away by Drew more and the arrow
deals with this one
it's going to be Tyrone Marshall coming
in in a few moments tight
to replace Gamache is the bull play
towards Cummings gut Gluck from Ashton
Morgan
the opportunity and now still the chance
in Lansing and Colorado get one back
well this is why it's portraiture honor
to stay switched on defensively Frings
gets beaten too easily in my opinion
great block from ashton Morgan
Richard act as it goes back on the line
there to try and block the shot that
came in he played nasty on side as a
result when the ball falls to him he
just has to take a touch and slam it
into the roof of the net away by Tejada
riding Mullen with the cross it
in Colorado now doing a good job of
keeping possession it's with the gold
score in Iasi running at Richard
Eckersley Nyassi from long distance
saying blow to the right by me las cosas
ch
his master son
to the first professional goal
Colorado sloppy with the clearance here
it falls - Stinson he just takes one
touch sets himself it's worth an efforts
dipping quickly enough
inspect the live ember but you could try
for Matson's just over the bar comes
towards cashing I asked you into the
path of kanji and the Iroh trying to get
that plane into the middle Cochise got
more and thread up the line Richard
Eckersley
well he's cat the very good defensive
performance today
Richard Eckersley with a wonderful
clearance kosach can't push it away from
danger and the follow-up for more off
the line by actors Lee preserving that
goal is what you do good defenders you
always tell defenders defend the line
until that balls other player cleared
from danger
Eckersley did that there got back on the
line protected his goalkeeper and
cleared the ball but it's a stoppage
time has now Alice
it is all over janicoo the man with two
goals as Toronto FC win back-to-back
league games hot on the heels of their
first road win of the season in Columbus
last week they returned home and beat
Colorado Rapids by two goals to want